Spacetime revamp (#2880)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/user-experience.asciidoc

This data is stored in {es}, where it can be visualized using {kib}.

The RUM agent can be installed as a dependency to your application, or with just a few lines of JavaScript.

> It only takes a few minutes to {apm-guide-ref}/getting-started-apm-server.html[get started].

Author: No, we'll want a different link here. I'll update

> It only takes a few minutes to {apm-guide-ref}/getting-started-apm-server.html[get started].

Author: ```suggestion
It only takes a few minutes to {apm-guide-ref}/apm-rum.html[get started].
```
